androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
io/flutter/plugins/sharedpreferences/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$animator
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
 androidx.savedstate.R$id
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/ktx/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.ktx.R
com/it_nomads/fluttersecurestorage/R.java
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$attr
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$color
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$dimen
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$drawable
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$id
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$integer
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$layout
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$string
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$style
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$styleable
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/security/R.java
 androidx.security.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R$id
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/phone/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.phone.R
com/example/s_chat/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.s_chat.BuildConfig
com/google/android/gms/safetynet/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.safetynet.R
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
com/google/firebase/ktx/R.java
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$color
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$id
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$string
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$style
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$styleable
com/karumi/dexter/R.java
 com.karumi.dexter.R
 com.karumi.dexter.R$anim
 com.karumi.dexter.R$animator
 com.karumi.dexter.R$attr
 com.karumi.dexter.R$bool
 com.karumi.dexter.R$color
 com.karumi.dexter.R$dimen
 com.karumi.dexter.R$drawable
 com.karumi.dexter.R$id
 com.karumi.dexter.R$integer
 com.karumi.dexter.R$interpolator
 com.karumi.dexter.R$layout
 com.karumi.dexter.R$string
 com.karumi.dexter.R$style
 com.karumi.dexter.R$styleable
ai/deepar/ar/R.java
 ai.deepar.ar.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$animator
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
io/github/ponnamkarthik/toast/fluttertoast/R.java
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$attr
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$color
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$dimen
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$drawable
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$id
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$integer
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$layout
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$string
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$style
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$styleable
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.R
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
com/camera_deep_ar/R.java
 com.camera_deep_ar.R
 com.camera_deep_ar.R$anim
 com.camera_deep_ar.R$animator
 com.camera_deep_ar.R$attr
 com.camera_deep_ar.R$bool
 com.camera_deep_ar.R$color
 com.camera_deep_ar.R$dimen
 com.camera_deep_ar.R$drawable
 com.camera_deep_ar.R$id
 com.camera_deep_ar.R$integer
 com.camera_deep_ar.R$interpolator
 com.camera_deep_ar.R$layout
 com.camera_deep_ar.R$string
 com.camera_deep_ar.R$style
 com.camera_deep_ar.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
androidx/lifecycle/runtime/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R$id
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
androidx/tracing/R.java
 androidx.tracing.R
androidx/constraintlayout/widget/R.java
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$anim
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$attr
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$bool
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$color
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$dimen
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$drawable
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$id
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$integer
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$interpolator
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$layout
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$string
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$style
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$styleable
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/example/s_chat/R.java
 com.example.s_chat.R
 com.example.s_chat.R$anim
 com.example.s_chat.R$animator
 com.example.s_chat.R$attr
 com.example.s_chat.R$bool
 com.example.s_chat.R$color
 com.example.s_chat.R$dimen
 com.example.s_chat.R$drawable
 com.example.s_chat.R$id
 com.example.s_chat.R$integer
 com.example.s_chat.R$interpolator
 com.example.s_chat.R$layout
 com.example.s_chat.R$mipmap
 com.example.s_chat.R$string
 com.example.s_chat.R$style
 com.example.s_chat.R$styleable
 com.example.s_chat.R$xml
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/core/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/auth/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
androidx/browser/R.java
 androidx.browser.R
 androidx.browser.R$attr
 androidx.browser.R$color
 androidx.browser.R$dimen
 androidx.browser.R$drawable
 androidx.browser.R$id
 androidx.browser.R$integer
 androidx.browser.R$layout
 androidx.browser.R$string
 androidx.browser.R$style
 androidx.browser.R$styleable
 androidx.browser.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R$id
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
